Add format option to AudioData.copyTo() (#44141)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/audiodata/copyto/index.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NotSupportedError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Thrown if the specified [`format`](#format) to convert the data to is not supported.

```

    - `planeIndex`
      - : The index of the plane to copy from.
    - `frameOffset` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : An integer giving the number of frames to skip before reading output. Defaults to `0`.

Reviewer: Good catch. Reading output is a bit of an odd term. Let's do

```suggestion
      - : An integer giving the offset of the first frame to copy within the plane. Defaults to `0`.
```

    - `frameCount` {{optional_inline}}
      - : An integer giving the number of frames to copy. If omitted, all frames from `frameOffset` to the end of the plane are copied.
    - `format` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : An {{domxref("AudioData.format", "AudioSampleFormat")}} to convert the samples to when writing them to `destination`. If omitted, the samples are copied in the `AudioData`'s own format. If `format` differs from the `AudioData`'s format, format conversion occurs during the copy.

Reviewer: FYI We don't refer to enums like `AudioSampleFormat`. We should also incidate that [f32-planar] must be supported.

```suggestion
      - : A string indicating the audio format that the source samples should be converted to when copied to the destination.
      This can be any of the values: `"u8"`, `"s16"`, `"s32"`, `"f32"`, `"u8-planar"`, `"s16-planar"`, `"s32-planar"`, and `"f32-planar"` (see {{domxref("AudioData.format")}} for more information).
      Note that `"f32-planar"` must be supported.
      If omitted, the samples are copied in the `AudioData`'s own format. 
```
